# Plan for the Project
We are going to build a React web-based app that will communicate via API with an existing WordPress website to draw periodically lists of both Customers and Event items and arrange them in our {{database}} for future reference. 
We will then arrange our own table of records allowing us to keep check over future actions and log them per Customer. 
Such actions would consist of sending preformatted emails containing details in regards to both a customer and the event we are dealing with in question. 
Such Emails would be created over the GUI of the web-app we are developing and will contain both rich-text format, dynamic data from our tables and will allow our users to store such emails and send them in bulk to our various lists. 
AS well as construct simple hyuristics to deal with such bulk-email management to avoid repeat emails and also automate the selection of such emails. 
Lastly we will have graphic information display for various aspects of the system. 
Including personally, each customer - which events are they participating and what emails did they recieve for each such event in a logging system. Finally an overall information display showing a tabulated information display regarding lists of customers so we can determine where are they on the email-delivery pipeline.

I would like you to design this app please suggest a structure and requirements of such an application. Please maintain React.JS best practices and ensure the code is easily readable and maintainable.

## Personal Note:
Now, I am very well versed with WordPress but this is my second big project on React as a Product Manager. I would like you to give more emphasis on how to build and approach the Reach programming and components since I am somewhat lacking in education about that part.

# Points to remember:

* For ease of reference: WooCustomers refer to customers in the WordPress enviroment, AppCustomers refer to Customers over our App enviroment.
* In regards to the Sync - make sure to pick up the WooCustomers, their purchases and the products they have purchased - allowing us to parse through the lot of the information. So we can later refer and parse through to create our own AppCostumers with their own Email addresses and UID's and their own attachment to Events based on the data collected from woocommerse.
* Mailing Lists are key for this system - We need to be able to send a predetermined email to a List of Customers in accordance to an Event and also prevent (or at least require double-affirmation) the sending of an Email that has already been sent to a particular AppCustomer in Regards to a particular Event. So if I have Email 'Alpha' ready in my templates, they won't get the same email template in regards to Event 'Bozo' twice, unless I double-approve the situation.
* Some lists should be automated - every Event would have an incremental List of all AppCustomers attending to that Event and a tabulation of which email templates have been sent to them in regards to said event. There should also be an option to create a 'Custom List' which has an Event attached to it, or it can be created as a "General Custom List" to recieve emails without regard to any particular Event, though such Templates could not contain Event-Specific Mail Tags.
* When reciving data from WordPress we are likely to get a list of customer users and their purchases, further divided to products purchased and each such product has a list of variable information points that we need to pay attention too.Each such purchase of product of a wordpress woocommerce customer may signify multiple Customers of our App. Since a single WooCommerce Deal of a WooCommerce Customer may contain Multiple emails that will be transformed into whole Customers in our end of the system. We need to keep careful tabulation of what Deal was made for what Ticket and make an automation for creating the various Events.
* Events are made by collecting various Products from the WordPress Website and assigning to a singular title which is the Event Name and corresponds to a UID on our system. The Event UID. Assuming each such event has multiple Products attached to it over the WooCommerce system, means that every time we sync we should make sure to attach newly discorved products. Initially in development, by hand of an Admin via some GUI over our App of the project. Later in Development we might provide a Suggetion method via liguistical similarity between titles of such products. At any rate we would need to save the products and their IDs from WordPress as reference points in our App.
* There should be a clean and easy to maintain GUI for all the functions in our APP with as simple a Theme as possible, Material Design would be great, if such a theme and GUI elements are available. It would be nice to have an ability to dictate GUI color and general options from an in-app quality of life additional target.
* Admin Users can delete or edit existing users of lesser rank.
* We would need a screen for every AppCustomer for review, as well as a tabulated display for the lot of them. Same goes for Events, and our ability to see an Event and it's tabulated data. Creating a full BI system that's easy to navigate and intuitive to operate.